{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1. https://codepen.io/iyutpo/pen/dyKXNVy?editors=1010\
2. https://codepen.io/iyutpo/pen/ExRyZEJ\
3. https://codepen.io/iyutpo/pen/vYrKgjG\
4. https://codepen.io/iyutpo/pen/PoazWep\
5. https://codepen.io/iyutpo/pen/bGKegMo\
6. https://codepen.io/iyutpo/pen/QWxEdrQ\
7. https://codepen.io/iyutpo/pen/eYKzgrQ\
8. https://codepen.io/iyutpo/pen/XWYKpqO\
9. https://codepen.io/iyutpo/pen/qBKNRKW\
10. https://codepen.io/iyutpo/pen/YzvWNvw\
11. https://codepen.io/iyutpo/pen/GRGqrGN\
12. https://codepen.io/iyutpo/pen/bGKegKo\
13. https://codepen.io/iyutpo/pen/QWxEdxQ\
14. https://codepen.io/iyutpo/pen/poKbRKK?editors=1010\
15. https://codepen.io/iyutpo/pen/MWXeJXP\
16. https://codepen.io/iyutpo/pen/XWYKpYG\
17. https://codepen.io/iyutpo/pen/JjZKEBP?editors=1010\
18. https://codepen.io/iyutpo/pen/oNyLBMX?editors=1010\
19. https://codepen.io/iyutpo/pen/vYrKgaK?editors=1010\
20. https://codepen.io/iyutpo/pen/PoazWBm?editors=1010\
21. https://codepen.io/iyutpo/pen/bGKegjY\
22. https://codepen.io/iyutpo/pen/KKeMaBe\
23. https://codepen.io/iyutpo/pen/poKbRZZ\
24. https://codepen.io/iyutpo/pen/MWXeJBP\
25. https://codepen.io/iyutpo/pen/eYKzgjb\
26. https://codepen.io/iyutpo/pen/abKZpjg\
27. https://codepen.io/iyutpo/pen/dyKXNqY\
28. https://codepen.io/iyutpo/pen/VwdjPGe\
}